docs: add simple examples for SSH key & systemd file references (#179) (#444)
coreos/butane: docs/examples.md

The `yescrypt` hashing method is recommended for new passwords. For more details on hashing methods, see `man 5 crypt`.

> In case inline definitions of SSH keys are undesirable you can use file references instead. This example creates three users (`core`, `jlebon`, `miabbott`) and sets up their respective SSH keys via file references instead of inlining them. This requires using `butane` with the `--files-dir` parameter to allow loading files from disk.

Reviewer: I think this is left over from the previous draft?

> In case inline definitions of SSH keys are undesirable you can use file references instead. This example creates three users (`core`, `jlebon`, `miabbott`) and sets up their respective SSH keys via file references instead of inlining them. This requires using `butane` with the `--files-dir` parameter to allow loading files from disk.

Reviewer: Is this paragraph left over from the previous draft?

> ### Handling SSH public keys

Reviewer: "Handling SSH public keys" is a bit generic, since we've already introduced SSH key configuration.  Maybe "SSH keys from local files"?

> As shown in the previous examples you can inline multiple SSH public keys per user directly in the config file. Additionally, you can embed keys from local files at transpile time. This example creates a `core` user and configures its SSH keys from local files. The file paths are relative to the directory specified with the `--files-dir` command-line option, which must be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in the previous examples you can inline multiple SSH public keys per user directly in the Butane config. Additionally, you can embed keys from local files at transpile time. This example creates a `core` user and configures its SSH keys from local files. The file paths are relative to the directory specified with the `--files-dir` command-line option, which must be provided.
```

<!-- butane-config -->
```yaml
variant: fcos
version: 1.5.0
passwd:
  users:
    - name: core
      ssh_authorized_keys_local:
        - id_rsa.pub
        - id_ed25519.pub
```

> For more information, see the Fedora CoreOS documentation on [Authentication][fcos-auth-docs].

Reviewer: It's a bit ambiguous, but from the Git history it seems this was intended to be part of the password auth section.

Author: Technically true, however, as pointed out in the [fcos-docs#511](https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-docs/issues/511) issue and related PR (I should have another look at 🙈) the authentication page would be a good place for additional / more complex examples for SSH public key handling as well.

I'll move it back to the password settings section anyway.

The `yescrypt` hashing method is recommended for new passwords. For more details on hashing methods, see `man 5 crypt`.

> In case inline definitions of SSH keys are undesirable you can use file references instead. This example creates three users (`core`, `jlebon`, `miabbott`) and sets up their respective SSH keys via file references instead of inlining them. This requires using `butane` with the `--files-dir` parameter to allow loading files from disk.

Reviewer: This is being put in the password authentication subsection where it doesn't really belong.  Maybe let's add a new subsection?

For content, maybe something like:

```suggestion
In addition to defining SSH keys directly in the config, you can embed keys from local files at transpile time. This example creates a `core` user and configures its SSH keys from local files. The file paths are relative to the directory specified with the `--files-dir` command-line option, which must be provided.
```

Author: You're absolutely right. It wasn't actually my intention to put it into the password section.

<!-- butane config -->
```yaml
variant: fcos
version: 1.5.0
passwd:
  users:
    - name: core
      ssh_authorized_keys_local:
        - users/core/id_rsa.pub
    - name: jlebon
      ssh_authorized_keys_local:
        - users/jlebon/id_rsa.pub
        - users/jlebon/id_ed25519.pub
    - name: miabbott
      ssh_authorized_keys_local:

>         - users/miabbott/id_rsa.pub

Reviewer: The extra users complicate the example and don't really add anything.  Maybe one user with two keyfiles?

        [Install]
        WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

This example specifies a systemd unit (`example.service`) and a dropin (`proxy.conf`) to be read from local files at transpile time. The file paths are relative to the directory specified with the `--files-dir` command-line option, which must be provided.

<!-- butane-config -->
```yaml
variant: fcos
version: 1.5.0
systemd:
  units:
    - name: example.service
      contents_local: example.service
    - name: rpm-ostreed.service
      dropins:

>           - name: proxy.conf

Reviewer: Maybe it'd be clearer to use `example.conf` here (and in the description paragraph) rather than splitting the difference on naming?

Author: Personally, I like the approach of having a file reference differently named from the target name of the unit we modify because it shows multiple things at once:

- how to modify a unit via dropins
- how file referencing works to provide unit/config contents
- that the file reference itself (its path/name) has _nothing_ to do with the actual unit that will be put into the Ignition config, i.e. it's up to the user how to arrange and name their local files

I like slightly more verbose examples that do not easily allow one to jump to conclusions such as "oh they are called the same so … I guess that's what I have to do to make it work". If you think this verbose approach to be unwarranted (in this example) I'll remove it, no worries.

Reviewer: Yeah, that makes sense.  I was partially reacting to the inconsistency: the dropin file uses a different name but the service doesn't.  Was that an oversight, or are you specifically looking to show that the local filename may or may not match the target filename?

Author: Effectively the latter I suppose, i.e. the local file name may or may not match, however, with a single example this is difficult to show (as our discussion shows) because of perceived inconsistencies in the example itself. I have no really strong feelings one way or another and I think that users will figure it out correctly anyway. It's not rocket science after all :)

        [Install]
        WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

> This example is uses a file reference to embed a locally defined file (`proxy.conf`) multiple times into the resulting Ignition file during transpile time. This requires using `butane` with the `--files-dir` parameter to allow loading files from disk.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
This example specifies a systemd unit (`example.service`) and a dropin (`proxy.conf`) to be read from local files at transpile time. The file paths are relative to the directory specified with the `--files-dir` command-line option, which must be provided.
```

<!-- butane-config -->
```yaml
variant: fcos
version: 1.5.0
systemd:
  units:
    - name: rpm-ostreed.service
      dropins:
        - name: 99-proxy.conf
          contents_local: proxy.conf
    - name: zincati.service
      dropins:
        - name: 99-proxy.conf
          contents_local: proxy.conf
    - name: rpm-ostree-countme.service
      dropins:
        - name: 99-proxy.conf

>           contents_local: proxy.conf

Reviewer: Again, this is fairly redundant.  Let's embed one service and one dropin.

Author: Yeah, I get what you mean. My intention here was to give an example that immediately shows one of the reasons why one would use file embeds instead of just inlining a systemd service/dropin.
